Improve metadata tutorial (#12931)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/changes/devel/12931.bugfix.rst

> Fix a bug in :func:`mne.epochs.make_metadata`, where missing values in the columns
> generated for ``keep_first`` and ``keep_last`` events were depicted by empty strings,
> while it should have been ``NA`` values. This issue existed since MNE-Python 1.7,
> by `Richard Höchenberger`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug in :func:`mne.epochs.make_metadata`, where missing values in the columns
generated for ``keep_first`` and ``keep_last`` events were represented by empty strings,
while it should have been ``NA`` values, by `Richard Höchenberger`_.
```
